Thank you for your purchase!

To use the provided Human Penis, simply drag it into the scene and attach it to your avatar! Scale the entire prefab to adjust to your liking!

To set up an orifice, drag an orifice prefab into the scene, and attach it to your avatar. Then simply delete the gameobject inside marked "Delete me"!

The Hole orifice is for when you don't want the penetrator to clip through, it does not show beyond the point of entry. Good for body orifices.

The Ring orifice shows the penetrator past the point of entry. Good for hands or X-Rays or.. I dunno ghosts or something?

To set up a custom penetrator:
Drag either the Penetrator or Penetrator_DynamicBones prefab onto you armature and position it as you wish.

Remove all bones and make sure the mesh is not a child component of an armature or another object in blender.

Position your mesh in blender with the penetrator's tip facing toward the positive Z axis (This is straight up to the sky). It's origin should be in the center of the base. Everything above the origin will deform, and everything below will not.

Apply all transforms with Object > Apply > All Transforms.

Export to Unity. and Place it into the prefab with the default penetrator.

Set its position and rotation to 0,0,0 and 0,0,0. (It should now point the same direction as the default penetrator)

hide or delete the default penetrator.

Set the scale to 1, 1, 1.

It might be the wrong scale now! Simply select the asset and adjust it's Scale Factor until it is back to an appropriate size (You might need 0.01 or 100).

Apply the Penetrator material to it.


Adjust the length slider to the length of your penetrator (I suggest turning it to zero, and slowly raising it until the entire penetrator shows).

When Modeling your own penetrator, it needs to be quite straight. Curvature can be added with the curvature sliders.

COMMON ISSUES
Scale is not 1, 1, 1:
Set the scale to 1,1,1 and adjust it to your liking with the asset's Scale Factor option.

It deforms really weird:
Ensure the position and rotation of your model are 0,0,0 and 0,0,0.

It is pointing the wrong direction:
Go back to blender and ensure it is not bone animated or in an object hierarchy, and that the tip points toward positive Z (the sky)

A whole lot of crazy stuff is happening:
Maybe you updated from an old version and need to delete the Dynamic Penetration System folder and install the new one fresh.
Maybe something I did not anticipate is happening, Send me a message and I will do my best to help!